They get better and better.
This is sensational!
What a job! Good work, Richard!
Like them? They represent your best work.
Absolutely.
You do. You do. There's a book here, I'll have a contract and an advance payment waiting for you first thing in the morning.
And while you're here I would like to introduce you to your editor. And I want you to meet the people in the art department. I'll set up an appointment with the marketing
In about half an hour. Why?
I don't believe it!
Carter Boswell!
He's running for the school board. The election's next month.
Nothing. But he wants to cut the school budget!
Cutting the budget is fine, but he wants to do it by cutting all the cultural programs. No music, no dance, no concert, no stage presentations.
He says it's to save the taxpayers' money, and I think he believes that the taxpayers' will vote for him if he spends less on the cultural programs.
Maybe some of us would like to pay a little bit more and keep the cultural programs for our kids.
I know, but if Boswell wins he'll be an important decision maker on the school board, and he doesn't know anything about our children's education.
Nobody. That's the problem.
Oh, not if I can stop him!
I don't know. Maybe I'll run against him.
I'm serious, Philip. Why shouldn't I run?
Your mother is thinking of running for the school board.
Against Carter Boswell? Great!
I think a lot of people will vote for you against Boswell, Ellen. I'll vote for you.
Absolutely.
I think you can make a difference, Ellen. And in a short campaign you wouldn't need as much money. You know something, Ellen? Why not give the people of Riverdale a clear choice? I'm with you. You can make a difference.
Mr. Maxwell?
My name is Ellen Stewart.
I'd like your help.
I'm planning to run for the school board.
Yes.
Will you announce that I'm running?
Yeah. Yeah. Let's get in our lines. We're going to take it slow first. Stretch up...and we're going to go left first...2,3,4...now stretch...OK,hold to the right. Sunrises.Stretch it out. Flat back.Bring it up...and twists...and side...2,3...and left...push...push...turn...hit the floor. Take it side again...OK, and switch. Stretch it out .And we're going to warm down with a tango.Left, Right. Enjoy it.
Yes, I went to the aerobics class today.
Nothing. I am in excellent health. I have ideal blood pressure. A perfect heart.In other words, I'm in wondeful condition.
And your legs don't hurt?
What about your arms? Lift your arms up like this. And they don't hurt-not even a little?
Grandpa, Ellen, Philip, Robbie, you and me .That's six steaks.
Seven steaks.Cooking dinner for the entire family is not so easy. The shopping
Yes, Richard.
I knew it!
I don't understand. Did you exercise or not?
And you didn't exercise?
There's another advanced class today at four 0'clock. We'll go together.
Oh, the bet is still on, but you shop for the groceries.Remember, you win, and I cook dinner for the entire family.
Including Susan. Four 0'clock at the advanced exercise class. With me.
Skip, hop, front, Twist...again...OK,Now...scissors.
Yeah.Just wait.
OK. Let's pick up the pace.
I can barely move.
OK, Finish off by jogging in place. OK. Keep those knees up. All right.That's it for today. Thank you, everyone. See you next week.
The advanced exercise class is not so easy, huh?
Marilyn, I'm exhausted. I can't move.
Excuse me, Richard,Marilyn.
Thanks. But I have a question. Is this your very first advanced aerobics class?
You are in great shape, Richard. Very few people last in this class for the full hour the very first time.
Thanks!
Hi, Grandpa.
Can I help?
How about some bacon?
Dad and I were planning to go to the game, but he has to work today, and my friends don't wan to go . It's not an important game, anyway.
I'll work on my computer. I have a new math program, and I want to learn how to use it.
Anytime.It's really easy, but, like anything, you need to work at it, Grandpa.This bacon is great. I love crispy bacon.
Nothing much.
I'd like that, but...
But Dad is always so busy.
I don't know. Something's wrong.
I received a letter from my partents this morning.
No.
I miss them. I miss them very much.
The Mollnas treat me so nicely, and I love being with you family so much... but when I received the letter with photographs of my family, I cried. I cried because I miss them all.
Yes.I know I must seem silly. It's not like I have nobody. I Like the Molinas very much, and they're so kind to me.
That's a good idea. But if we go out, please don't complain about your math teacher or your math homework. I want to have fun.
I have to turn off the lights, or else my father will get really angry. He says I never turn them out when I leave. If they come home and they're on...
Yes. What was that?
It sounded like a dog barking right here.
A dog!
Oh,you poor little thing. Come here.
Poor baby.
Her name's Gemma, and she belongs to Mr.and Mrs.Levinson. There's a phone number-five five five...eight four four eight. Robbie, maybe you should call them and tell the Levinsons we have their cute little spaniel.
The number you ae calling-555-8448-is no longer in service.
Oh, you poor, poor baby. You've lost your family.
Don't worry, Alexandra. We'll find the owner.
Let me think.
With a little help from the ASPCA, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. They're the ones.We once found a cat. She was caught in the branches of our tree.And Dad called the ASPCA.They came and solved the
Let me see-ASPCA....Here it is.ASPCA Animal Shelter. 555-7700.
Hello,my name is Robbie Stewart. I have a lost dog I'd like to bring to you. How late are you open?
Thank you. I'll bring the dog over by nine.
Thanks. Good-bye.
I'm a little uncertain.
Nice talking to you, sir.
Yes, sir. Good-bye. Dean Rafer.
I had an interview today, too. I had a great interview with Admissions at Columbia University.
Well, they didn't say anything for sure. But I figure that with my grades and with my personality, I'll have no problem.
Do? I don't know. I also applied to NYU.
Indecision. Indecision. It's not easy, and this is an important decision we have to make. What about you? How as your interview with Michigan?
It's a great college.
Great medical school, too.
You can follow in your father's footsteps.
What do you want to study?
You do a pretty good job on the Riverdale High School paper.
Have you discussed it with your parents?
OK. Let's talk.
Anything special you want to talk about?
Well, I know you and Mom have given up a lot to save money for my college tuition.
I know. I do.
Well, I've Thought a lot about which college, and one of them is Columbia.
First, they have an excellent School of Journalism.